When moving and dancing,
be safe and have fun!
You know yourself better than anyone else,
so you need to be responsible for your own physical,
mental, and emotional well-being while you use Crelata.
(soft chimes)
Hi everyone, my name is Marlon Mills,
and in this series,
you're going to learn the basics of Salsa.
Does anyone know what Salsa is?
Yeah, I've got some right here.
I love chips and Salsa.
I was thinking more along the lines of Salsa dance?
Oh.
That's cool too.
Well, Salsa the sauce, and Salsa the dance are similar
that they mix many different things together.
Salsa the sauce has tomatoes, onions,
peppers, and other ingredients,
while Salsa of the dance has roots from Africa,
originally from Cuba,
and has some influences from Puerto Rico and New York.